Q1 : What is Git?

Ans 1: Git is Version Control System.It can mantain  our code. 
Git is used for tracking code changes , tracking who made changes like history of files and coding collaborations.  
Q2 : What do you understand by the term 'Version Control System'?

Ans 2: The term 'Version control system' are software tools that help software teams manage changes to source code over time. 
As development environments have accelerated, version control systems help software teams work faster and smarter.
There are two types of version control System .They are Centralized Version control system and Distributed Version control system. 
Q3 : What is GitHub?

Ans 3: GitHub is a web-based interface that uses Git, the open source version control software that lets multiple people make separate changes to web pages at the same time. 
GitHub is a developer platform that allows developers to create, store, manage and share their code. 
It uses Git software, providing the distributed version control of Git plus access control, bug tracking, software feature requests, task management, continuous integration, and wikis for every project.  
Q4 : Mention some popular Git hosting Services.

Ans 4: The popular git hosting services are: GitHub leads in community and popularity, GitLab excels at collaboration, and Bitbucket has the best free option. 
Q5 : Different types of version Control Systems.

Ans 5: The different types of version control systems are:  1.Centralized Version control system and 2.Distributed Version control system. 
Distributed Version control system is used in Github as it does not depend on single system and does not depend on network. 
Q6 : What benefits come with using Git?

Ans 6: The benefit which come with using git are : One of the biggest advantages of Git is its branching capabilities. 
Unlike centralized version control systems, Git branches are cheap and easy to merge. This facilitates the feature branch workflow popular with many Git users.
 Feature branches provide an isolated environment for every change to your codebase. 
Q7 : What is a git repository?

Ans 7: A Git repository is a virtual storage of your project. It allows you to save versions of your code, which you can access when needed. 
GitHub is a web-based hosting service for git repositories.It enables collaborative development and allows multiple developers to work on a project simultaneously. 
Q8 : How can you initialize a repository in git?

Ans 8: To initialize a new repository, we will use the git init command. git init is a one-time command you use during the initial setup of a new repository. 
Executing this command will create a new .git subdirectory in your current working directory. 
This will also create a new main branch.